1 Life Path number

If you have a 1 Life Path, your most compatible partners are 3 and 5, as both those numbers have the kind of disposition that helps them put up with a bossy and opinionated 1. The happy-go-lucky 3 in particular gets along with the more serious and self-conscious 1 simply by ignoring -- or making light of -- your need to be in charge, while the flexible and adventurous 5 adds a dynamic energy that benefits both of you to the relationship. The very loving and caring 6 also gets along quite well with a 1, but then, the harmonious 6 gets along with just about every number.

If you happen to connect with another 1, you may have a passionate, short-lived relationship, but the problem of two captains on one ship will quickly put a strain on that. Similarly, the authoritative, entrepreneurial 8 should be avoided, as the 1 and 8 don't seem to be able to have a relationship that is not in a constant state of competition. The gentle, sensitive, and diplomatic 2 can be a great complement to the 1, but they generally get along better in a work or business relationship, not a romantic relationship. The spiritual, contemplative, and introspective 7 can be a good friend and enlightening tutor to the 1, elevating it to a higher realm of insight and perception, but as a romantic partner the combination usually doesn't work very well.
2 Life Path number

If you have a 2 Life Path, your most harmonious relationships will come with the visionary 8 or the humanitarian, aristocratic 9. The business-minded 8 is especially a good match, as the subtle 2 fits the decisive, industrious 8 both in a romantic or business relationship. The classy, composed, but somewhat aloof 9 is also a good match, as is the protective, loving and forgiving 6.

The down-to-earth, dependable 4 can seem to be a good fit for a 2 initially, but will, after some time, bore you to death, as will the serious, introverted 7. The 1 and 2 combination sometimes works well, but only if the different roles are properly understood; you accept the fact that the 1 has the last word, but you get to decide what that word will be (i.e. you get to manipulate, something you were born to do anyway). Hooking up with a dynamic 5 Life Path can be a wonderful, passionate, adventurous relationship lacking anything remotely boring. However, a warning is in place: the often irresponsible and indulgent 5 can wreak havoc on a vulnerable and feminine 2. The sunny, optimistic 3 can be a good connection, but as with the 5, there is little discipline and focus with a 3 and, as a result, the 2 has to make up for that deficiency by carrying more than his or her share of the weight.
3 Life Path number

If you have a 3 Life Path, your favorite relationships in the past have probably been 5s and 7s. The adaptable, daring and adventurous 5 suits your need for unpredictability and chaos, while the quiet, introverted and often mystical 7 adds depth and appreciation to your life experience. In fact, of all the number combinations that tend to not only get along well, but actually complement and elevate each other to the point that the whole is bigger than the sum of its parts, the 3 and 7 is probably it.

The solid, practical, trustworthy 4, on the other hand, should be avoided, even though its qualities would serve the relationship well (after all, a bit of grounding would not harm you) -- when the 3 and 4 are together they just seem to draw the worst out of each other. While you might initially be attracted to the authoritative and physically impressive 8, he or she may well drive you up the wall with unrelenting criticism. On the other hand, the equally critical and domineering 1, for some reason gets away with it, and the two of you get along very well. The always forgiving and intuitive 2 can be an excellent fit too, and usually results in a lasting, harmonious relationship. The 6, normally the most harmonious of all numbers, does not thrive well in the company of a 3, and vice versa. This is mostly due to the flaky and undisciplined nature of the 3. This lack of focus and discipline is also the reason you should avoid a relationship with another 3.
4 Life Path number

If you have a 4 Life Path, your need for a lasting, solid relationship is stronger than any other number. Not because you don't like to be alone, but because you value the grounded and routine lifestyle associated with long relationships. For that reason, you will want to avoid the playful, unpredictable 3, as well as the attractive, but dynamic and restless 5.

On the other hand, the focused, determined 1 suits you very well, as does the goal-oriented 8. The 8 in particular is a good match, as both of you are organized and disciplined, but where the 8 is more of a visionary, you are a detail-oriented person -- a great combination in romance as well as business. You get along with the motherly (or fatherly) 6 very well also, but be forewarned: when a 4 and a 6 start a family, it usually means lots of kids. Hooking up with the worldly and often remote 9 can be problematic; your down-to-earth and practical nature simply doesn't work well with the idealistic dreamer that is a 9. A more balanced and often surprisingly dynamic and lasting relationship is possible between a 4 and a 7, as the spiritual, genuine and thought-provoking 7 is a constant source of wonder and admiration to the grounded 4.
5 Life Path number

If you are a 5 Life Path, you have a wide choice of potential romantic partners, however, making any one of them last will be mostly up to your partner because, while you are loyal and devoted, you are also restless and in constant need of change; hence, the need for a partner who is neither predictable nor demanding. The always in the forefront, always daring and courageous 1 comes to mind, as does the playful, imaginative and optimistic 3. The protective and sacrificing 6 also can be a good match as is, surprisingly, the philosophical and earnest 7. In fact, the 7 and 5 combination is an excellent match as the dynamic, impatient, but undisciplined and self-indulgent 5 and the solemn, reclusive 7 balance each other out.

Hooking up with a practical and steady 4 seems, on paper at least, to be a match made in heaven, but quickly turns sour as you get bored with the predictable 4, while your changing, undisciplined nature offends your partner. The goal-oriented 8 and the idealistic, responsible 9 are also unwilling to put up with your constant need for something else, something new, something you haven't tried yet.

While the rule of thumb is that two people with the same Life Path generally don't make the best romantic relationships, the 5 is the exception. Two 5s together often form a wonderful, passionate and never boring partnership, and because the 5 requires freedom, independence and an adventurous, often outdoorsy lifestyle, they are particularly well suited for each other. However, there is an ever present danger of self-indulgence, as the 5 has difficulty with moderation, whether alcohol, sex, over-eating or any other vice.
6 Life Path number

If you have a 6 Life Path, you can potentially have a harmonious, lasting relationship with any other number. Your willingness to sacrifice is like a safety net within any relationship. Add to that your limitless ability to give love and care, and you are everyone's favorite partner. However, that doesn't mean certain Life Path numbers aren't more desirable or easier to work with than others. The gentle 2 should be listed at the top, as both numbers are guided by the heart more than the mind. Followed by the conscientious and sympathetic 9, the strong and authoritative 8 and the driven, heroic 1 -- all numbers you get along with fine. A bit more of a challenging match might be the self-motivated 5. The scattered, irresponsible 3 is probably the least desirable of all.
7 Life Path number

If you have a 7 Life Path, you are the least likely of all numbers to get married and stay married. There may not be a shortage of relationships, but your critical nature and your lofty dreams and expectations are difficult for anyone to live up to. This is not as bad as it seems, as your ability to enjoy your life does not depend on a romantic, long-term relationship as much as it does other numbers. In addition, many 7s eventually do get married, but they usually tie the knot later in life and not always because they want a family. They just finally found a partner who challenges them intellectually, has a certain amount of maturity and insight and allows for enough space and quiet time to indulge in your contemplations and daydreaming. Among the numbers most suitable to you are the witty, sunny and creative 3, as well as the always surprising and intellectually sharp 5, due to the fact that both these numbers challenge you in ways no other numbers do. You like the company of a 3 because its imagination expands your otherwise limited, rational horizons. You like the 5 simply because you never know what will come next.

You don't care much for the 2 because you see him or her as superficial and sentimental, while the 1 is just too domineering. You perceive the 8 as overly materialistic, an absolute no-no in your world of spiritual and philosophical values, and the 9 is too aloof (you may be somewhat introverted, but you are not distant or remote ... in fact, once you do make a connection, you seek depth and openness, not secrecy and separation).
8 Life Path number

If you have an 8 Life Path, you will probably select a partner whom you can guide and control at least to some extent. That doesn't mean you look for a demure doormat, you just don't compromise well and you like to be in charge. For that reason, both the feminine 2 and the loving and sacrificing 6 tend to be good choices, while the aggressive, independent 1 will make it a habit to fight you every inch of the way. The freedom-loving 5 also is not a good choice, nor is the creative, artistic, but flaky and irresponsible 3. As you can see, your choices are limited simply because you insist on wearing the pants. An interesting aspect of the 8 is its ability to balance the material and the spiritual worlds. Unfortunately, the 7 does not always recognize seeing only your material side, and for that reason, tends to have little good to say about an 8. Otherwise, based on the premise that opposites attract, it might actually be a pretty good match.

A good choice, if not your potentially best choice, is the 4. Not because you can control it, it controls itself, but due to the fact that in so many other ways you are compatible; you are both grounded, methodical, logic-driven, practical, disciplined and goal-oriented. In fact, while a romantic relationship between a 4 and an 8 works well because you have so much in common, a business or work relationship works even better since you also supplement each other; you see the larger picture, while no detail escapes the 4.
9 Life Path number

If you have a 9 Life Path, you are perhaps the most challenged of all numbers in the relationship department. You are secretive and you keep your distance. Figuratively speaking, you don't like to show yourself naked, not just because it makes you feel vulnerable, which it does, but also because you see it as lacking class and sophistication. You have an aristocratic streak and value your sense of separation. You can be a great and loyal friend, but you don't expose your deeper fears or dreams even to those closest to you. For this reason, you enter a relationship the way someone who can't swim enters the pool; slowly and ready to back away at any time.

At the same time, there are several Life Path numbers that are quite compatible with you, especially the intuitive and sensitive 2, who sees through your artificial defenses anyway. Another good match is the always protective and loving 6, with whom you have much in common, including a sense of community and a genuine and idealistic humanitarian streak. Surprisingly, the 3 can also make a great connection, as both of you are creative, artistic and have imagination, and the 3's sense of humor is a wonderful offset to your more intense nature.

You may want to avoid the erratic 5, as well as the intellectually offbeat 7. The 1 and the 9 are on opposite ends of the spectrum, which may be the reason they are often romantically attracted to each other and, while the two of them rarely are able to work together, in a personal relationship they often do quite well; another example of opposites attracting each other.