When decoding your own name, it's important to realize that in Numerology, each letter in your name has a corresponding number, and that the placement of each letter determines the kind of influence that letter (and its numerological meaning) has on you. To simplify things, we will refer to letters and their numerological meaning rather than discuss the precise numbers they translate into.

The Cornerstone
First, let's look at the Cornerstone. This is the first letter of your name. It provides general insight about your essential personality, and it has a lot to say about your approach to life's speed bumps and open doors. In other words: your Cornerstone is all about how you approach both difficulties and upswings.

The Capstone
The Capstone is the last letter of your name, and, fittingly, it demonstrates your ability to see projects and ideas through to the end. This translates into your "finishing" number. When you look at your Cornerstone and Capstone -- the letters that "bookend" your name -- you can determine how easy it is for you to start and stop important processes and projects. It answers questions like: are you a shaker and a mover? Are you a little bit flaky?

First Vowel
Now look to the first vowel of your first name -- this letter gets to your core. Think of the deepest goals, urges and dreams that drive you in all you do -- this is the letter offers a glimpse into this area of life. But this is a secretive letter, because few people wear what it really is they want on their sleeve. This first vowel in your name indicates something that only your closest friends and trusted family members might know about you ... and it's also a very telling "window" to your soul!

You might know someone who for whatever reason changed the first vowel in their name. Although this is rare, it indicates a person who is uncomfortable with who they really are, at their core.
From A to Z

Here is an alphabetic list to understand your name from Cornerstone to First Vowel to Capstone. You can decode your own name by focusing on these three things. Here's an example: let's say your name is Anna. With "A" as your Cornerstone Letter, you are ambitious about starting new endeavors. With "A" as your First Vowel Letter, you might hide this ambition -- perhaps you are the quiet creative type. With "A" as your Capstone Letter, you push this motivation through to the end, seeing projects to their completion.

The Meaning of "A" in Your Name
You are your own person: ambitious and freethinking. You do not change your mind under someone else's pressure. A natural leader, you want to be in charge and need to have a purpose. You have courage, but make sure you're also flexible and take other people's ideas seriously.

The Meaning of "B" in Your Name
You are sensitive and a bit of an introvert, but still manage to be personable and compassionate. You are all about peace -- you need it in order to be happy. Although you are very loyal, make sure to keep an open mind and think for yourself more often.

The Meaning of "C" in Your Name
You wear your heart on your sleeve -- lucky, since you have a strong instinct about matters of the heart. You express yourself clearly and are also witty -- a "life of the party" sort. You are also very outspoken and upbeat.

The Meaning of "D" in Your Name
You are grounded and pragmatic. You have great systems in place for getting things done, which is great, because your sense of determination is strong. Be careful not to be too stubborn, because at your best, you shine under pressure and can get things done fast.

The Meaning of "E" in Your Name
You are freedom-loving, sensual and enthusiastic. You believe strongly in falling in love … in fact, you may do it quite often! You are outgoing and the life of the party, but you are also very keen and a hard one to fool. You can see a situation from many different sides.

The Meaning of "F" in Your Name
You are nurturing: both responsible and a good host, self-sacrificing and very easy to get along with. Your warmth shows in how easily you're able to take on other people's pain. Be careful not to stick your nose in or interfere in situations where you're not welcome, and try not to let other people's problems drag you down.

The Meaning of "G" in Your Name
You are an intellectually active person with loads of drive and the ability to make things happen. You are a visionary, and this could benefit you financially down the line. You think on your feet, even though you prefer to be very systematic. You may even feel psychic sometimes.

The Meaning of "H" in Your Name
You are a visionary, but you also tend to make a lot of money and lose it fast. In the long-run, however, you will probably be fine -- your creativity will serve you well. You think from the gut and might prefer to be alone. Fight any doubts you might have about yourself and spend plenty of time outdoors!

The Meaning of "I" in Your Name
You are a compassionate person who feels things deeply. It makes sense, then, that you are also artsy and creative, with a great eye for everything from fashion to composition. Make sure you stick close to projects and have direction -- otherwise you might suffer from anxiety. Balance is key.

The Meaning of "J" in Your Name
In this specific case, "J" is for justice. You are all about fairness and balancing the scales. You make an exemplary friend and try hard to make sure everyone is happy and comfortable. Make sure to motivate yourself enough to tap into natural talents.

The Meaning of "K" in Your Name
You are all about enlightenment. Both deeply-feeling and artistic, you are also motivated and rely heavily on your gut to make decisions. You are also a force to be reckoned with. Be careful of anxiety and hesitation, because you tend to be high-strung.

The Meaning of "L" in Your Name
You are very heady, and tend to over think rather than experience life. Do not allow this quality to make you indecisive. You are also very honest and tolerant, generous and kind-hearted. Fond of travel, you should look out for missteps or clumsiness during times of high anxiety. Seek balance.

The Meaning of "M" in Your Name
You are a workaholic! A high-energy workhorse, you don't need much sleep and are very healthy. You also really like to be a homebody, however, and need a steady financial base in order to feel secure. Also make sure your drive doesn't make you impatient with other people.

The Meaning of "N" in Your Name
You are a "think outside the box" kind of person -- creative and original. You are also strong-willed with the opinions to match. You are systematic about your life, documenting experiences in diary form, and might have your share of romantic "entanglements."

The Meaning of "O" in Your Name
You know where the moral high ground is, and you always take it. That's because your spiritual beliefs are as strong as your will. You like boundaries, laws and rules, but are also sensitive and feel things very deeply. Jealousy might be a problem for you. Be careful not to brood or be too suspicious.

The Meaning of "P" in Your Name
You are very intellectual and have a broad base of knowledge. People get great first impressions from you, but you can also seem distant. Although you have great "walking around sense," you can be extremely impatient. Make sure to let go, and to be more generous with your time.

The Meaning of "Q" in Your Name
You are a money magnet, but your instability can lead to financial downturns. You are a natural-born leader with a great power to persuade, although on a personal level, you're a tough nut to crack. People find you mysterious and may gossip frequently about you. Luckily, you speak your mind and you speak it eloquently.

The Meaning of "R" in Your Name
You feel things strongly and your rich, intense inner life emanates outward. You also have an excellent work ethic and can do your job with high amounts of energy. Make sure to keep a balance and to work well with others, even though you also have a kind nature.

The Meaning of "S" in Your Name
You are a real charmer. With a sense of warmth and devotion, you also feel things deeply -- this can lead to overly dramatic reactions and an intense inner life. Make sure you carefully consider every decision, and take care to whether your many emotional ups and downs.

The Meaning of "T" in Your Name
You like life in the fast lane. Remind yourself to slow down, because you are often taking on new and exciting projects. You're also assertive -- even aggressive -- in your personal relationships. Keep your feelings and outward appearance in check, and don't get too sensitive.

The Meaning of "U" in Your Name
You have a give-and-take kind of life. You might gain a lot, only to lose it, but will always break even. Teach yourself to think faster on your feet and then commit wholeheartedly to whatever project you're involved with. Tap into your instinct and creativity, as well as your impeccable sense of timing and luck! Also, you are naturally predisposed to be glamorous -- play it up!

The Meaning of "V" in Your Name
You are a seer -- you have great intuition. Sometimes you may even feel psychic. But be careful -- with a strong imagination, it may be hard to separate fact from fiction. You have lofty goals and the will to bring them into reality. Use your efficiency, but be careful not to be too eccentric -- that is a danger. Also beware your own unpredictability and possessiveness.

The Meaning of "W" in Your Name
You think from the gut and you have a great sense of purpose. You are also an active person -- mentally and literally: you like to be involved in as many activities as possible. Your charisma means you surround yourself with interesting people, because you stimulate excellent conversation. Try not to put things off, and take full advantage of your own creativity.

The Meaning of "X" in Your Name
You are a creative, sensual person who engages with people easily and soaks up information like a sponge. Be careful that this enthusiasm and passion doesn't make you too passionate in sexual matters. You can also be moody and have to be careful to avoid addictions.

The Meaning of "Y" in Your Name
You are freedom-loving and like to break rules and push the envelope. Your ambition and courage make you naturally independent, even though you come across as reserved. You are stylish. Be careful not to be too slow in making decisions -- trust your natural gift of intuition!

The Meaning of "Z" in Your Name
You are naturally upbeat and charismatic. You always walk on the sunny side of the street, so to say, but also have high standards. You balance this out with common sense and understanding -- compassion is a strong suit of yours. You are wise and quick to think on your feet, but be careful not to be impatient or impulsive.